# AkvelonTestTask by Andrei Kekov

## Introduction
This is the solution for the candidate test task on .NET intern position (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yCVTrXE_T_vx0MVKxdBwAX7jpuPomXxQqLtrAnqIhc8/edit#) by Andrei Kekov, December 2022. It is a Web API for tracking projects and tasks associated with them.

## System Requirements
- Windows 10 or higher
- Microsoft SQL Server 2019
- .NET 6.0
- Visual Studio or any C# compiler compatible with .NET 6.0

## Installation
1. Navigate to \AkvelonTestTask\DB folder. Execute CreateDB.sql file to create the database.
2. Open \AkvelonTestTask\aspnetcore-server-generated\IO.Swagger.sln solution file with Visual Studio. Build the solution. Alternatively, use any other compatible IDE or compiler.
3. Launch the application from Visual Studio or by executing IO.Swagger.exe file.
4. To access the test page with a web browser, go to localhost:50352/swagger/ (when launched from VS) or localhost:5000/swagger/ (when launched with .exe file)

## API Documentation
The API specification in the OpenAPI format can be found in the \AkvelonTestTask\OpenAPI\openapi.yaml file.

## Tech stack used
This project runs on .NET 6.0. For data storage, it uses Microsoft SQL Server 2019. For interaction with the database, Entity Framework is used. The API is based on a stub generated by Swagger Codegen according to the API specification created in Swagger Editor (https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-editor/).

## Software used
- Visual Studio Community 2022 v17.4.2 (64-bit)
- Microsoft SQL Server 2019
- SQL Server Management Studio v18.12.1
- Swagger Editor
- Swagger Codegen
- Notepad++ v8.4.7 (64-bit)